README.md, before:

Students Management System
==========================

It is a simple application to manage your students and courses.

Table of Contents
-----------------

1.  [Project Goals](#project-goals)
2.  [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
3.  [Getting Started](#getting-started)
4.  [Workflow](#workflow)
5.  [Resources and Learning Materials](#resources-and-learning-materials)

Project Goals
-------------

*   **Apply our previous knowledge**: Apply our knowledge and learn new tech like EF Core and more.
*   **Learn GitHub Collaboration**: Master Git workflows, pull requests, code reviews, and issue tracking.
*   **Enhance Teamwork**: Develop effective communication and collaboration skills.

Technologies Used
-----------------

*   **Programming Languages**: C#
*   **Frameworks/Tools**: Windows Forms and EF Core
*   **Version Control**: Git and GitHub

Getting Started
---------------

Follow this step to set up the project locally:

1.  **Clone the Repository**:
    
        git clone https://github.com/MasterProgramming1/StudentsManagementSystemRepo.git
    

Workflow
--------

1.  **Fork the Repository**: Create your own fork of the project on your GitHub account.
2.  **Clone your forked repo on your local device**:
    
        git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo-name.git
    
3.  **Make and Commit Changes**:
    
        git commit -m "Add: your feature description"
    
4.  **Push to Your Branch**:
    
        git push origin
    
5.  **Open a Pull Request**: Submit a PR with a clear description of your changes.

Resources and Learning Materials
--------------------------------

Commit message:

Update README file, remove getting started and update work flow and learning resources

README.md, after:

Students Management System
==========================

It is a simple application to manage your students and courses.

Table of Contents
-----------------

1.  [Project Goals](#project-goals)
2.  [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
3.  [Getting Started](#getting-started)
4.  [Workflow](#workflow)
5.  [Resources and Learning Materials](#resources-and-learning-materials)

Project Goals
-------------

*   **Apply our previous knowledge**: Apply our knowledge and learn new tech like EF Core and more.
*   **Learn GitHub Collaboration**: Master Git workflows, pull requests, code reviews, and issue tracking.
*   **Enhance Teamwork**: Develop effective communication and collaboration skills.

Technologies Used
-----------------

*   **Programming Languages**: C#
*   **Frameworks/Tools**: Windows Forms and EF Core
*   **Version Control**: Git and GitHub


Workflow
--------
1.  **Clone the repo on your local device**:
    
        git clone https://github.com/MasterProgramming1/StudentsManagementSystemRepo.git

2.  **Connect create and connect local dev branch with remote dev branch**:

        git switch dev

3.  **Make your changes on your local dev branch usihg vs code or any other way**:
    
4.  **Track your new files or folder you have created or stage modified files in your local repo (. mean current folder if you want to track or stage any specific fodler or file write it's relativ path instead of .)**:
    
        git add .
    
5.  **Commit your changes to your local dev branch with message**

        git commit -m "write your massage here"

6.  **Push your changes in your local dev branch to remote dev branch**

        git push origin dev --force

Resources and Learning Materials
--------------------------------

- __[Git and GitHub](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6G-J54vgKc&pp=ygUVZ2l0IGFuZCBnaXRodWIg2LTYsdit)__ 

- __[EF Core](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqPejUavRNTVSVQ5k3UUMgj3RP8Qczwve)__
